[Music]
but what is this place what's your name
honey
I'm Joe I teach middle school band how'd
it go for today started out as the best
day of my life
back here tonight first shows at 7:00
you know what this gonna say Joe Gardner
I got the gig
must have been certain for you
[Music]
[Applause]
huh no it's the great before this is
where new Souls get their personalities
quirks and interest before they go to
earth
may 28th and I don't want anything to do
with it you're missing out on the joys
of life like pizza I can't smell we
can't we can't taste either all that
stuff is in your body no smell no taste
or touch see okay Wow
is all this living really worth dying
for
you're so mine can you help me get back
no
[Music]
hmm they sweet what does it 151,000
Saul's going to the great beyond every
day you know I can't easily single one
of them
the counts off
[Music]